[Music]
How are you family? How are you? I hope you're
enjoying the day. You know that
on the main channel I'm very busy
and working hard, as much as
when they put aside the Lucio
Carrasco series. Well, on this occasion, with the
topic that we have, which is the trial of
Johnny Depp against Anv Elige, for
information, you already know that the case
has similar things. I'm not saying that they are
exact, but they have similar things and they
have many qualities that make
them similar. But well, we'll talk about it
in depth in another video. In this one, I
want to give you the news that Anv
Elige would be playing the victim,
as often happens on many other
occasions, and that is by making things
public, they wish the worst to
destroy their ex-partners and then
the crying comes when people have their opinions, and
when people turn against him, Elige has
been caught lying, terrible
contradictions, quite strong.
We're talking about having promised to have
donated a fortune and having
beaten his chest with sick children.
No, he has been donating to
sick children in a hospital, I don't know how much, if he
continues, 200 million recorded. This recorded
in  television is still given 7 million and
then have to admit that she hasn't given
a single cent that she has kept it all for
herself despite that is not only the
most serious but she has also had to
admit that she called the press and
was showing them where she was going to go
at the time of filing a complaint against
Johnny Depp so that the press would
ask her on site and take photos of
her with her gaunt face that
apparently she had made up to what
indicates that it could be a painted bruise we
are talking about that she called the press
to take photos of her on the street
with a bruise that could be painted
because the next day they took another
photo of her and she was smiling and she did not have
any bruises on her face it is incredible not
Amber here denounce the harassment she is
suffering on social networks for her
trial against Johnny Depp
people want to kill me and they tell me
every day of course I do not support
fact but my sister is what you
wanted to look for for Johnny when you
are labeling a person as an
abuser and of all the
worst crimes in the world publicly
writing articles publicizing it
taking advantage of the  virality of the moment
of the premiere of your film you wanted
this for me nor did I want to destroy life
what in many occasions these
types of women try no I do not support the harassment of
course I will not support the threats but what
you have to do parsley is not
look at the social networks attribute it to
verdicts that we are waiting for it to be
in the next few hours I think tomorrow
but well place your bets
family is reading I love you
very much do not forget that I am uploading
videos and live broadcasts every day on the
main channel about this topic that is
burning and well we are already reaching
the final stretch but of course you
know that I work as much as possible to
keep you informed come on a
huge hug see you in the next video see you
later
[Music]